TRUE TEXT:
The team announced in September 2010 that Glenn Robinson III, son of former first overall NBA Draft pick Glenn Robinson, verbally agreed to attend Michigan, making him the first commitment in the school's class of 2012. Canadian wing guard Nik Stauskas gave Michigan its second verbal commitment for the class of 2012 on March 26, 2011. On November 3, Mitch McGary, who was ranked as the number @-@ two prospect in the nation at the time, announced his verbal commitment to Michigan. Within hours of the commitment, ESPN said that Michigan's ranked as the fifth @-@ best class in the nation. All three signed a National Letter of Intent with the team on November 9. After several other schools announced their commitments, the McGary's commitment moved Michigan from outside the top 25 to the seventh @-@ best class in the nation, according to ESPN. Michael " Spike " Albrecht committed to Michigan on April 6, 2012.

DEFAULT MODEL TEXT:
The team had its December 2012 that it Robinson had had a of former Michigan- pick draft pick and Robinson, would committed to a the for but him the first player to the Big'ss history of 2012. Robinson- Glenn Glenn Stauskas, the a first- commitment in the 2012 of 2012. September 1. and. St March 1, 2011 McGary, the had named as the No one-@ player years in the class by the time, signed his decision commitment to the. McG a, the announcement, Michigan. that McG hads first # the # best-@ team team in the country.
of of with letter Letter of Intent. the Wolver. March 3,
the months commitments announced their commitment, Michigan teamary familys team was to to the the top 10 to the top round-@ class class in the nation. and to ESPN.
JordanM " Smithbercht, to Michigan on November 1, 2011. The

TRAINED MODEL TEXT:
Burke 2012 had that December 2012 that it Robinson,, a of former Michigan round pick draft pick and Robinson III would committed to a the'but him the first player to the Big's history of 2012. Robinson forward Brandon Glenn Stauskas was the a first all commitment in the 2012 of 2012. September 1, 2012. St March 1, 2011 McGary, the had the No the No one-@ one overall in the country by the time, signed that decision commitment to Michigan. McG a, the announcement, Michigan'that McG hads 2012 No the No best-@ best team in the country. three players with letter Letter of Intent, the Wolver. March 3, the days commitments announced their commitment, Michigan teamaryss announced was to to the the top 10 to the top round-@ best class in the nation. and to ESPN' Jordan Mike " Smithbercht, to Michigan on November 1, 2011.
